EXT-151 Initial build/commit. (#1)
mt-support/tribe-ext-external-links-in-new-tab: readme.txt

> === [Base Plugin Name] Extension: Open external links in a new tab ===

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The Events Calendar Extension: Open external links in a new tab ===
```

== Changelog ==

= [1.0.2] TBD =

* Actual working code.

= [1.0.1] 2020-04-09 =

> * Test version change.

Reviewer 2: eww ;)

Can we delete the remote tag? Run this on the repo in your Terminal and then re-release actual 1.0.1 in the changelog with accurate release date.

`git push --delete origin 1.0.1`

Reviewer 2: Actually, all the `since` tags are v1.0.0 so just make sure github releases/tags are accurate along with changelog

Author: Yep - was using it to test the GitHub updater plugin for Courtney's article. (she needed screenshots)

Author: I deleted it. I will create a new release once we go live with this.
